r1-log.md, before:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - [Bakibillah Salon]

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [September 03, Sunday, 2023].

## Log

### R1D1 
Variables, Learned how to declare variables and how var, let, const comes to play. [JavaScript Basics](https://github.com/sakibian/code-daily/commit/997b81337cc77061739a55b5ba5332b3daa12235)

### R1D2 
Skipped personal reason

### R1D3
Expressions and Operators, Learned about operand and operator from MDN. Will go through tomorrow to complete it.

### R1D4
Expressions, Learned about Assigning to properties, Destructuring, Evaluation and nesting, Comparison operators from MDN. Will go through tomorrow to complete it.

[JavaScript Basics](https://github.com/sakibian/code-daily/commit/92cd6b739dd01da0f5baafea2f6d4021902fe189)
### R1D5
Missed practice.

### R1D6
Learned about expressions: Arithmetic operators, Bitwise operators, Logical operators from MDN. Will go through tomorrow to complete it.

[JavaScript Basics](https://github.com/sakibian/code-daily/commit/c706b555a63cb6d493e4cd5ef63e853e5bab4415)
### R1D7
Learned about expressions: BigInt operators, String operators, Conditional (ternary) operator, Comma operator, Unary operators from MDN. Will go through tomorrow to complete it. 

[JavaScript Basics](https://github.com/sakibian/code-daily/commit/08c72725098dcb0a0f36e0e8ed0e81a367a347aa)
### R1D8
Completed expressions: learned about `typeof`, Relational operators, built-in objects, Custom objects, `instanceof`, `this`, Grouping operator, `new`, `super`  from MDN. Will go through tomorrow to complete it. 

[JavaScript Basics](https://github.com/sakibian/code-daily/commit/b3872238dd76214c9b7758c303f91f126f9b7618)

Commit message:

Exercised - Log added too
Signed-off-by: sakibian <sakib192@gmail.com>

r1-log.md, after:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - [Bakibillah Salon]

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [September 03, Sunday, 2023].

## Log

### R1D1 
Variables, Learned how to declare variables and how var, let, const comes to play. [JavaScript Basics](https://github.com/sakibian/code-daily/commit/997b81337cc77061739a55b5ba5332b3daa12235)

### R1D2 
Skipped personal reason

### R1D3
Expressions and Operators, Learned about operand and operator from MDN. Will go through tomorrow to complete it.

### R1D4
Expressions, Learned about Assigning to properties, Destructuring, Evaluation and nesting, Comparison operators from MDN. Will go through tomorrow to complete it.

[JavaScript Basics](https://github.com/sakibian/code-daily/commit/92cd6b739dd01da0f5baafea2f6d4021902fe189)
### R1D5
Missed practice.

### R1D6
Learned about expressions: Arithmetic operators, Bitwise operators, Logical operators from MDN. Will go through tomorrow to complete it.

[JavaScript Basics](https://github.com/sakibian/code-daily/commit/c706b555a63cb6d493e4cd5ef63e853e5bab4415)
### R1D7
Learned about expressions: BigInt operators, String operators, Conditional (ternary) operator, Comma operator, Unary operators from MDN. Will go through tomorrow to complete it. 

[JavaScript Basics](https://github.com/sakibian/code-daily/commit/08c72725098dcb0a0f36e0e8ed0e81a367a347aa)
### R1D8
Completed expressions: Learned about `typeof`, Relational operators, built-in objects, Custom objects, `instanceof`, `this`, Grouping operator, `new`, `super`  from MDN. Will go through tomorrow to complete it. 

[JavaScript Basics](https://github.com/sakibian/code-daily/commit/b3872238dd76214c9b7758c303f91f126f9b7618)
### R1D9
Exercised from w3schools: Taken test on `Variables`,`Operators`, `Data Types`, `Functions` `Objects` from w3schools. Will go through it tomorrow. 

![Progress made](js-prepare-basic.png)
